swarm: Provide peer_id to inject_dial_failure on connection limit error (#2928)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: swarm/CHANGELOG.md

[PR 2857]: https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/2857

> - Fixed panic caused by `None` being passed into `NetworkBehaviour::inject_dial_failure` on `DialError::ConnectionLimit`.

Reviewer: Nit: The panic - if present - is in user code so technically, we are not fixing that :)

```suggestion
- Pass actual `PeerId` of dial to `NetworkBehaviour::inject_dial_failure` on `DialError::ConnectionLimit`. See [PR 2928].
```
